We're going to talk a little bit about this hybrid Cloud diagram.
But first, I'd like to discuss the diagramming application that I used to create it.
So this is lucidchart.com.
You can use Lucidchart with a free account which
allows you to save a couple of files for free.
When you create your diagrams in Lucidchart,
what's important is that you search for and find the AWS shapes.
To add the AWS shapes,
you want to click on this gear icon and search for AWS in the search bar.
It brings up some network options and architecture for 2017,
2019 and network infrastructure.
So depending on your preference,
when you take a look at the icons and see which one you like more,
you can select "Icons" and make those available over
here in the left menu to use as you create your diagram.
Let's take a look at a diagram of a hybrid Cloud environment.
So in this environment, we have two public Cloud providers,
we've have got AWS and we've got GCP.
At the top here, we also have the corporate data center.
Both of these Cloud environments are connected to
the corporate data center through a VPN connection.
On the AWS side,
you see we have a VPN gateway that's managed on the AWS side by
the AWS Cloud architects and network engineers and the corporate gateway,
which is going to be managed by the on-premises network engineers.
Those gateways are secured via
their local protocols and connected via a secure VPN connection.
This environment allows the Cloud to share
data and resources with the corporate on-premises colo data center.